davi pakter: Hello.
davi pakter: I'm Dr. Dr.
Lindsay Short: Lindsay
davi pakter: Nice to meet you.
davi pakter: So I've had a chance to review your file. Is this your first visit here.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay.
davi pakter: Lindsay short correct
davi pakter: I don't find you in the system. How do you spell your first name.
Lindsay Short: Hello, Andy sky.
davi pakter: Sky. Okay, there you are.
davi pakter: Okay, so tell me a little bit about what brings you to bright heart.
Lindsay Short: I'm
Lindsay Short: using heroin for about
Lindsay Short: A year and a half, two years and
Lindsay Short: Decided I need to
Lindsay Short: I tried to stop. Many times, but
davi pakter: Okay, great. Well, I can definitely help you with that. What
davi pakter: How did you start using heroin.
Lindsay Short: I think it was untreated depression. I had a pretty extensive history of
Lindsay Short: Depression hospitalizations things mostly a long time ago, but
Lindsay Short: Last couple years, I guess, I don't know.
Lindsay Short: medicating myself.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: Are you were you taking anything else for the depression.
Lindsay Short: And no, not in the last few years. I mean, I've been on any every medication under the sun. At some point, but
davi pakter: How long has the depression been going on.
Lindsay Short: Since I was 21
davi pakter: Okay years
davi pakter: It's something that happened at that time.
Lindsay Short: Oh, it was I've been through this and therapy lot and it was like
Lindsay Short: That's time in my life when things went to shit.
davi pakter: Okay.
Lindsay Short: Me too, title, and all sorts of crap.
davi pakter: Did you commits, did you attempt to kill yourself.
Lindsay Short: Um, yeah, to kind of serious
davi pakter: Two times they were serious.
Lindsay Short: I mean obviously
Lindsay Short: Like
Lindsay Short: Okay, I am overdosed once and then I am
Lindsay Short: And this is all a very, very long time ago.
davi pakter: Okay, so let's talk about
Lindsay Short: mid 20s, at the latest.
davi pakter: Okay, so you had to
davi pakter: At least two
davi pakter: Yeah, suicide attempts.
davi pakter: in your 20s and then
davi pakter: Once you've been on many different antidepressants.
Lindsay Short: In a precedence and a psychotic mood stabilizers, you name it.
Lindsay Short: Okay, but there's been a big break in between these, like, I went to a couple of rehab facilities.
Lindsay Short: My parents didn't really know what to do with me so
Lindsay Short: Finally, I got my stuff together. And, you know, went back to school and I've been okay are relatively okay there hasn't been any like real depression or acting out and
Lindsay Short: Over a decade so
davi pakter: So when you say you went to rehab was that for opioids as well.
No.
Lindsay Short: That was kind of like I was in the hospital after
Lindsay Short: One of those suicide attempts, and
Lindsay Short: Like I said, my parents didn't know, there wasn't an inpatient place for me to put me
Lindsay Short: So I was drinking and smoking weed, but not anything I really had a problem.
davi pakter: Okay, so they put you in rehab for alcohol.
Lindsay Short: Alcohol. Yeah.
davi pakter: Uh huh. Okay.
davi pakter: So you said you were doing OK until when
Lindsay Short: I am I have been doing okay. For the most part, believe it or not.
Lindsay Short: I mean nothing like back then I just get
Lindsay Short: I've managed to isolate myself pretty good so I think that's a good big part of it.
davi pakter: So how did you start using heroin. You said you're doing okay and then, you know, how did it start
Lindsay Short: I just decided one day to go on Craigslist and well no, it wasn't like that. Actually, I was using math first. And that was just helped my, you know, at work and function better and I had been Adderall, for many years, and that was helpful, but
davi pakter: So how did you transition from matter. All the math.
Lindsay Short: Because I wasn't getting a prescription for it, and it was too expensive to buy on the streets.
davi pakter: No. So it wasn't prescribed to you. You were just taking it from you're buying it from
Lindsay Short: Know I it was for scripting for a long time. But then I moved and I lost my I didn't get a new doctor or something and didn't want to go through all that again, sorry.
Lindsay Short: And that's I tried to get off of that many times to and
Lindsay Short: easier just to go and get some cheap drugs on the street.
Lindsay Short: And once I started out, I figured like what's the point of stopping there. Yes.
davi pakter: Okay, so you you are on Adderall for years and then when did you move
davi pakter: SAID YOU SAID YOU MOVED IN LAST YEAR. Dr.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, that's happened more than once. But the one I think it was about probably
Lindsay Short: Five years ago.
davi pakter: Okay, so that would have been in 2015
Lindsay Short: Yeah, maybe. Maybe a little bit less because I was so
Lindsay Short: I was on Suboxone until
Lindsay Short: 2018
davi pakter: Okay, so anyway, so you were
davi pakter: using opioids.
davi pakter: Back before
Yeah.
davi pakter: No problem.
davi pakter: We'll figure it out.
Lindsay Short: Okay.
Lindsay Short: So I never I'm trying here when a few times when I went to school in New York.
Lindsay Short: I went to move to New York in 2011
Lindsay Short: And
Lindsay Short: This is
davi pakter: York City.
Lindsay Short: New York City. Yeah.
Lindsay Short: And I went there depressed after breaking up or something and then I messed around with heroin heroin their end up getting really depressed got locked up there for a long time and it's like hospital and that's when
Lindsay Short: Stuff went to shit and um
Lindsay Short: And then
Lindsay Short: Somewhere along the line I got put on Suboxone because I'd mentioned, I was off heroin for a long time, but
Lindsay Short: Other medications weren't working and I had a history of opiates. So they decided to try it is I guess I'm a depressant, and
Lindsay Short: Never. Who knows but um so I was on that for a long time and
Lindsay Short: Just kind of wean myself off of it. But anyways, I finally got my stuff back together and went back to school and then
Lindsay Short: I was on medication on Adderall and Suboxone until I moved. Moved to Northern California. And then I moved back to Southern California. And that's when I lost my doctrine and
davi pakter: Doctrine while you were on Adderall and Suboxone
Lindsay Short: Yes.
davi pakter: And so then you basically went to meth and heroin.
Lindsay Short: No, I mean myself off this box and into any opiates for a long time.
davi pakter: Okay.
Lindsay Short: Didn't really do function without some stimulants.
davi pakter: Okay, but wait, so
davi pakter: That was in
davi pakter: When you wean yourself off. Something like that.
davi pakter: And then
davi pakter: And then you were using math and then about a year and a half ago. So, you're doing good from like in 20 Tori 17 1617 and 2018 you started using heroin again.
Lindsay Short: Maybe 2019 I
davi pakter: OK.
Lindsay Short: I see. Yeah, I mean, I, I'm still working full time and all that and
davi pakter: What do you do
Lindsay Short: And nurse practitioner.
davi pakter: Oh wow, okay.
Lindsay Short: What
davi pakter: What, what kind of patients do you work with
Lindsay Short: surgery patients.
davi pakter: Okay, so, so, in spite of all this, you're able to like go to school and hold down a pretty challenging job.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Are we gonna say just
Lindsay Short: Somewhat, I guess.
davi pakter: Somewhat. What do you mean
Lindsay Short: For me, as well as I probably could, but in a single day for it, but
davi pakter: hate yourself for using drugs.
For
davi pakter: For self medicating
davi pakter: For finding something to ease the pain.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, and the potential for hurting and other people
davi pakter: When you're working
Lindsay Short: Well, not opiates, but in the morning I take a pill of stimulants.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay. So you take
davi pakter: You take it orally.
davi pakter: Like math orally.
davi pakter: Okay, um,
davi pakter: So let's see what other medications are you taking right now, anything
Nothing.
davi pakter: And how much heroin or have you been using
Lindsay Short: So I got Suboxone on the street. Three days ago.
Lindsay Short: And I've been doing, like, two, two and a half strips.
Lindsay Short: For the last three days before that.
Lindsay Short: I don't know how much when I mean I was shooting every couple hours.
Lindsay Short: Throughout the day
Lindsay Short: Except when you weren't working
Lindsay Short: It wasn't working, and at work. If I had a really long day I'd have to get in in somewhere in there like
Lindsay Short: More than a couple hours but
davi pakter: Okay, so are you.
davi pakter: So you basically induced yourself on to Suboxone
Lindsay Short: Right.
davi pakter: And you're taking you said 8 million what dosage of the strips.
Lindsay Short: Eat milligrams
Uh huh.
Lindsay Short: And I've just been breaking up, but I have
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So right now, how many strips is holding you
Lindsay Short: And today I've had two so
davi pakter: Are you good with to are you having any withdraw.
Lindsay Short: Um, some yeah some diarrhea, but
davi pakter: You remember what you were on in the past when you were taking Suboxone
And
Lindsay Short: Around two but I started at like 32 or something crazy.
Lindsay Short: For yeah
Lindsay Short: Okay, anymore. I'm just, you just time
davi pakter: You think two or or three
Lindsay Short: Maybe three
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So you haven't some some withdrawal still on Tuesday on two films. Okay.
davi pakter: And let's see what else
davi pakter: Do you have any other medical issues.
Lindsay Short: Thyroid ism. It's not treated
davi pakter: Hypo but you don't take any meds.
Lindsay Short: And no, I need to go and get my blood drawn
Lindsay Short: Okay.
davi pakter: You have a primary care doctor
Lindsay Short: And I am assigned one I haven't met them.
davi pakter: Okay, so you need to you need to follow up with your
davi pakter: Your primary
davi pakter: And get your thyroid, because obviously you're going to be depressed. If you're untreated hyperthyroid
Yeah.
davi pakter: Where are you from originally
Lindsay Short: Southern California.
davi pakter: And you're living with your friends or family or by yourself.
davi pakter: Your family around
Lindsay Short: Um,
Lindsay Short: Yeah, I'm I have a brother down in San Diego, and I'm wondering
davi pakter: Do you have any support.
Lindsay Short: And nobody knows.
Lindsay Short: Nobody can know
davi pakter: Nobody knows what's going on.
davi pakter: You just been in this by yourself.
davi pakter: Do you have any friends.
Lindsay Short: Boyfriend. He doesn't know.
davi pakter: He doesn't know either. Wow. So you've been shooting up multiple times a day and taking math and nobody knows.
davi pakter: Huh. So you're good at kind of
Lindsay Short: It's not a good at.
davi pakter: hiding it apparently
Lindsay Short: It's pretty shitty
davi pakter: Okay, well,
davi pakter: What would be most support most helpful for you.
Lindsay Short: Hey, listen.
davi pakter: With regard to getting you into recovery.
davi pakter: Besides the Suboxone
Lindsay Short: I don't know. I think I'm pretty motivated
davi pakter: Do you want it. We need to get you into a therapist.
Lindsay Short: Even had a therapist that I didn't tell any of this do like bullshit therapy.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, you're angry.
davi pakter: So what when you were taking all those antidepressants and set and psych meds. What was the diagnosis.
Lindsay Short: Depression, anxiety, I guess.
Okay.
Lindsay Short: Um, they tried just mood stabilizers and stuff because everything else wasn't working.
Right.
davi pakter: Okay, so, depression, anxiety and hypothyroidism, were you I would meds before. Yes.
Lindsay Short: And hypothyroidism is a result of taking lithium.
davi pakter: So really,
Lindsay Short: It is all on its own or there's permanently destroyed but
Lindsay Short: Yeah.
davi pakter: I didn't realize it that that was common from taking lithium.
davi pakter: never had any patients have that. But someone told you that. Are you looked it up.
Lindsay Short: Knew I had a psychiatrist. Tell me that.
Lindsay Short: Blood tests and say, hey,
davi pakter: Okay. Are you having any thyroid symptoms.
Lindsay Short: Into drugged up to, you know,
davi pakter: hair, nails, cold sensitivity.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, but that could also be just withdrawing
Lindsay Short: Taking effects of drugs.
Lindsay Short: constantly going up and down with
Lindsay Short: Me left and
davi pakter: Right, okay.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: You're going to get your thyroid checked and then we'll determine whether or not we can treat the, you know, at least get your mood up from that.
davi pakter: Will get you in with our one of our therapists, a bright heart and start the Suboxone how's your, your self care do you exercise. Do you eat. Okay.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, I try to eat pretty healthy and
Lindsay Short: I need to get into a routine. Again, but usually do some form of exercise.
Lindsay Short: I just moved so everything's kind of in
Lindsay Short: Again,
davi pakter: Move cities or or houses.
Lindsay Short: And just houses. Another temporary one. So, okay, um, I wanted to ask you though, in terms of being on you know both substances. Is it my plan was to do one and then address. The other is that good.
davi pakter: Yeah, that's a good plan. I mean the way bright heart works is that if you're
davi pakter: Still have something that shouldn't be in your urine will be we're going to be testing you, then you're only going to get a few days at a time of Suboxone so
davi pakter: The idea is to motivate you to get off the the math, basically. And then we can start extending it out and it's less of a hassle, but also just to really keep you engaged in care while you're still using other substances.
davi pakter: But if you really have a DD
davi pakter: Do you think that's, that's an appropriate diagnosis or is it more for depression.
Lindsay Short: And I think that's pretty appropriate
davi pakter: So yeah, I mean it's, it sounds like
davi pakter: I could imagine it's going to be tricky to get your primary to prescribe you Adderall given
davi pakter: Your substance use history.
Lindsay Short: I don't want my primary didn't know either. And then I'll talk
davi pakter: There is confidential, but
Lindsay Short: Yeah, but it goes in the same EHR as I work on and everybody I work with has access to
davi pakter: Wait, your primary is at the same location where you work.
Lindsay Short: New it's not, it's
davi pakter: Like the Harvard medical record.
Yeah.
davi pakter: Okay, well I'm saying whatever I put in in your
Lindsay Short: In your
davi pakter: Chart is confidential. So I'm not going to tell them
davi pakter: But
davi pakter: You know, they're probably going to test you. I mean, if they're going to prescribe a controlled medication to you, they would most likely test you.
Lindsay Short: Wait a doctor.
Yeah.
davi pakter: Well,
davi pakter: You know, to be honest, I don't think that
davi pakter: taking Adderall.
davi pakter: Is going to be in your best interest in the long run.
Lindsay Short: I agree.
Lindsay Short: I think
davi pakter: Yeah, so I think it might be time just to have a real reckoning. Do you have any kind of spiritual practice. Do you believe in like a higher power or anything like that.
Lindsay Short: Kind of
davi pakter: atheist or agnostic.
davi pakter: Yeah.
davi pakter: Do you believe in, like you ever meditate.
Lindsay Short: Try I used to
davi pakter: Yeah, I think that that might be
davi pakter: A good way to start to get centered and grounded and
davi pakter: You know, reclaim your strength to be able to make these changes what what what is your motivation to wanting to get off the heroin in the math.
Lindsay Short: I can't live like this anymore. I mean, it's exhausting. For one thing, so it's either this or die so
Lindsay Short: I mean, I don't know.
Lindsay Short: I can't
Lindsay Short: People are gonna find out sooner or later if I keep going with it and it does not happen so
davi pakter: Okay, well,
davi pakter: Step one is just to get really clear on
davi pakter: What
davi pakter: You know what your motivations are
davi pakter: So that you can
davi pakter: Okay.
Good.
Lindsay Short: I don't want to, you know, just be such a
Lindsay Short: Shitty human being and
Lindsay Short: I'm just going to work and try and saying, I'm doing, you know, helping people. And it's all just bullshit where it could be my entire life is just a complete
Lindsay Short: I don't even know how it got like that.
davi pakter: Well, it seems like you are probably helping people.
Lindsay Short: I don't know.
I think
davi pakter: It's going to be helpful to
davi pakter: Catch yourself a little bit of slack to realize that not blame yourself for finding a way to
davi pakter: Deal to deal with the pain.
davi pakter: Have you ever read any Gabor Mata ever heard of him.
davi pakter: In the realm of the hungry ghosts.
davi pakter: He might be a good person for you to read. He has a lot of information and different kind of paradigms around addiction that might make you feel better.
davi pakter: Gabor Mata he's a MD ma it's GA Bo AR and MA t
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: I think just kind of cuz
davi pakter: It's gonna be hard to
davi pakter: Get where you want to go hating yourself.
davi pakter: You know, so
davi pakter: Finding that part of yourself that you do love and focusing on that and
davi pakter: Pulling yourself through this by loving yourself is going to be much more sustainable and effective in the long run, rather than
davi pakter: Coming from a place of hating yourself. I know it's easier said than done, but just, you know, some gentle encouragement. On that note, and maybe the meditation could help be helpful. Do you know about insights timer. It's an app for the phone.
Lindsay Short: Rid of it.
davi pakter: Yeah i n si GH T insight timer. Write that down to, and you can download that for free, and they have a ton of guided meditations there.
davi pakter: Thousands that you can filter by time and by content to find one that that might work and
davi pakter: I think just spending a few minutes a day.
davi pakter: With that, and there's loving, kind, there's self love and loving kindness meditation. Meditation as well.
davi pakter: Could help
davi pakter: You know bully you up a little bit.
davi pakter: Let me see. Let me make sure I'm getting all the information to document my note here.
davi pakter: So we went through past medical history health problems, medications, you're not taking anything right. Hey,
Lindsay Short: Let's burn electron, I take
davi pakter: Okay.
Lindsay Short: You can. Sorry, I forgot.
davi pakter: For Acne
Yeah.
davi pakter: Does that work.
Lindsay Short: If I remember to take it.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: Is that 25 or
Lindsay Short: 5050 okay nice today.
davi pakter: Okay, any allergies.
Yeah.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So did they, they didn't. We need to get some labs on you too. So we could do that. Thyroid testing with everything else did they tell you about getting the labs done
Hmm.
Lindsay Short: Okay.
davi pakter: So we'll be doing some blood tests and we'll add a thyroid on there.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: Check like HIV and hep C and that kind of stuff.
davi pakter: You said you have a boyfriend. How long have you guys been together.
Lindsay Short: For a year.
davi pakter: Okay. Is he a good support, although he doesn't know what's going on.
Lindsay Short: He's great. Yeah.
Okay.
davi pakter: So, so that's also something that's probably motivating for you.
davi pakter: Sure, yeah.
davi pakter: Although, do you think you don't think you could talk to him about it.
Lindsay Short: I don't think so.
davi pakter: What does he do
He's in biotech
Lindsay Short: He doesn't
Lindsay Short: even understand like my mood. Sometimes, which
Lindsay Short: I mean, I can't, I don't think
Lindsay Short: Well,
davi pakter: I probably explain a lot. And if he's really
davi pakter: likes you. Then he might, you know,
davi pakter: Be better support if you're honest with them.
Lindsay Short: Yes, three kids. I don't think you think
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: Well, we'll focus on your treatment here at bright heart which is going to be in. We meet in groups. After the individual appointment.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: We'll see probably the best one. What's your schedule like do you work most days or
Lindsay Short: Yeah, but it's pretty changes a lot so like
Lindsay Short: It can be 12 hour days or can get two hour days just depends on the week.
davi pakter: Would you prefer.
davi pakter: To see Monday at seven or Friday at 11am
Lindsay Short: Monday seven 7am
davi pakter: No PM.
Lindsay Short: Pm meeting better. Okay.
davi pakter: Alright, so we'll have you come to the Monday group.
davi pakter: And basically will be doing some quick meditate medication. Check Ins, and then there's a therapist that co facilitates and will do just some processing or a group activity to
davi pakter: support our recovery.
davi pakter: Have you ever done.
davi pakter: Any
davi pakter: recovery support groups.
Lindsay Short: A little bit. Not much.
Lindsay Short: Okay, for a minute.
davi pakter: It doesn't seem like it would really
davi pakter: Fit because you don't really have
davi pakter: The same viewpoint.
davi pakter: There's another one called
davi pakter: Recovery.
davi pakter: Dharma.
davi pakter: Used to be refuge for recovery. Have you heard of that.
davi pakter: Yeah, if you look up
davi pakter: Recovery Dharma d h AR ma a it's another support for forgetting.
davi pakter: Forgetting off stuff.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Because I think you might need a little bit more support you think
davi pakter: Only right yeah so
davi pakter: Alright, so let's let's go through our plan here.
davi pakter: Well, first of all, is there anything else that you haven't told me that I should know about you to be able to help you with this effectively.
Lindsay Short: Told you. We're done.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: Number one, getting your primary care provider set up.
davi pakter: To determine about the
davi pakter: TSH testing and whether or not you need medication for that.
davi pakter: Number two, we're going to start on the Suboxone at three strips or three films and we're going to get you connected with our therapist at bright heart for individual or for an intake.
davi pakter: And then do the labs that we need to do.
davi pakter: Will get you into our group at Monday at 7pm and
davi pakter: Maybe, check out the resources that we discussed, which is the insight timer.
davi pakter: The Gabor Mattei book and the recovery dharma.
davi pakter: So between now and
davi pakter: Monday when we see each other, which is about a week what
davi pakter: What would you like to work on as far as any of this stuff that we've talked about today.
Lindsay Short: I mean, I love it.
davi pakter: Okay, with
davi pakter: This. So, obviously you're going to take the medication, but let's
davi pakter: Think it might be helpful just to have because it's a lot to get through all that stuff is there one that you, that is jumping out at you at something that you feel more motivated to accomplish this week.
Lindsay Short: I'm not really dead weight like to wait on the blood tests a week or two until my veins of fields, a little more
davi pakter: Okay, that's fine.
Um,
Lindsay Short: I don't know.
davi pakter: So either the book or the insight timer or the recovery dharma.
Lindsay Short: I think yeah insight timer. Sorry to interrupt.
davi pakter: Okay, yeah. Good. That's an easy one. And yeah, if you do it, just a few minutes a day is more helpful than doing it like 30 minutes on the weekend so
davi pakter: What I found is like first thing when you wake up before you do anything else have a place in your in your house where you can sit and then yeah, just or you could do it in your bed, whatever. It's kind of better if you get up, I find, but
davi pakter: And then you can just do one of the meditations.
davi pakter: And then what you'll find over time. Is it the mind starts to settle and then gradually as you build up the habit.
davi pakter: It becomes sort of a touchstone for you to to
davi pakter: You know, stay focused centered grounded. So I highly encourage that. And there's a lot of evidence that shows that mindfulness is more effective than a
davi pakter: For recovery in general.
davi pakter: Okay, so let me make sure I have a good pharmacy for you. Any questions at this point.
Lindsay Short: And I assume, they'll tell me what how I go about getting the other appointments and
davi pakter: Yeah, I'll have them reach out to you.
davi pakter: Actually, do you know about virtual clinic.
davi pakter: Yes, we should have checked in before you came here. Yeah, if you just pop in a virtual clinic, they will get you an appointment with one of our therapists.
davi pakter: And then there's another thing that everyone has to do, which is like
davi pakter: A health coach Jocelyn, who will do a kind of wrap around assessment to help fine tune your lifestyle and work on that kind of stuff, too.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Let's see, it's going to be one film. Do you take you take it throughout the day, or it all at once.
Lindsay Short: A day
Okay.
davi pakter: I think it's also good to get in the habit of taking it consistently.
davi pakter: Not like waiting until you have a craving to take it. But just to be ahead of it so specific times during the day that you know you're going to take it what what would work best for you to think
Lindsay Short: Hey, like first thing in the morning.
Lindsay Short: 7am and 7pm or something.
I'm trying to wake up.
Lindsay Short: at 5am
davi pakter: Wake up at five. Okay, so five and then seven. That's kind of close together.
Lindsay Short: I didn't find
davi pakter: Five.
davi pakter: But that's just two times a day do you are you going to take it twice a day, or three times.
Lindsay Short: One in the morning to at night or I don't know. I've just been journey all spread out because I don't have enough but
Yeah.
davi pakter: Yeah, I would recommend
davi pakter: See why don't we just start with
davi pakter: Once one twice a day.
davi pakter: One film twice a day.
Lindsay Short: Morning, that's not gonna be, I'm gonna be
Lindsay Short: Here. Can you see this in my skills like because I'm still having pretty bad cravings and diarrhea.
davi pakter: And that's on what that's on to a day.
Lindsay Short: To day. I don't know.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: Perfect it or not. Yeah. No, that's alright so let's
davi pakter: Then I think you're right. Let's do three a day.
davi pakter: I mean it's kind of individual, why don't we just let you fine tune the how you want to space out the dosing, but
davi pakter: I think just by next week. Hopefully you can let me know what's ideal for you as far as what what time of day, you're going to be taking it.
davi pakter: Sure. So getting on. I'll let you kind of figure out the the pattern. If you want to do two in the morning and then one at night or if you want to do one in one
davi pakter: To, you know, find out what's what is ideal. Because sometimes if you take two at the same time, you might be a little more sedated or, you know, have some more of the side effects, but some people do, just take all three at once, and then they're done for the day. So
davi pakter: I think that, you know, your body well enough to be able to figure that out. And I'll leave it up to you but will all say three films daily as directed, and then
davi pakter: Enough to get you
davi pakter: To so since
davi pakter: We're still working through the math. I, I need to give it to you for days worth so that'll be 12 and one refill, and then
davi pakter: Once if you're able to get, you know, let the math ago, then I can start to extend it, you know, for longer periods of time. So you don't have to keep going back to the pharmacy.
Lindsay Short: Pharmacy will fill it like every couple days odd thing.
davi pakter: Yeah, absolutely.
davi pakter: Is it the what Rite Aid on Niagara Avenue.
davi pakter: Right, okay.
davi pakter: So I'm sending that now and then.
davi pakter: Do you feel like you have any, it can be helpful for meth to I've seen a lot of people
davi pakter: Get off the mat with the Suboxone so
davi pakter: Hopefully that can support you there, and I've
Lindsay Short: Been able to cut down somewhat just did not. It's a dated from
Lindsay Short: Right, yeah.
davi pakter: Okay, great. So
davi pakter: I think that's about it. I think we've covered everything that I need, and
davi pakter: Yeah, just glad that you took this step to to come and get some support, and I
davi pakter: Happy to continue working with you on this and and you know I think the more also that you are starting to work on your lifestyle like the things that we've discussed, lots of water also flushing out your system.
davi pakter: But you have a lot of strengths, obviously, to be able to go through school and get your
davi pakter: Nurse Practitioner license and all that and hold down a job. So obviously, you do have a lot of strength and
davi pakter: The more that you can focus on
davi pakter: Appreciating yourself. I think is going to be easier for you to
davi pakter: You know, get solid in your recovery.
davi pakter: Yeah.
davi pakter: Anything. Any other questions, concerns.
davi pakter: Okay. All right. Well, I look forward to seeing you on Monday at 7pm. And I sent the medication and went through.
davi pakter: If anything comes up between now and then you can always get a message to me just call the main number and they'll call it, they'll email or page me or call me and otherwise I'll see you on Monday. Great.
davi pakter: Decent welcome. Take care. Bye.